static double	E
The double value that is closer than any other to e, the base of the natural logarithms.
static double	PI
The double value that is closer than any other to pi, the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter.
Method Summary

Methods 
Modifier and Type	Method and Description
static double	abs(double a)
Returns the absolute value of a double value.
static float	abs(float a)
Returns the absolute value of a float value.
static int	abs(int a)
Returns the absolute value of an int value.
static long	abs(long a)
Returns the absolute value of a long value.
static double	acos(double a)
Returns the arc cosine of a value; the returned angle is in the range 0.0 through pi.
static double	asin(double a)
Returns the arc sine of a value; the returned angle is in the range -pi/2 through pi/2.
static double	atan(double a)
Returns the arc tangent of a value; the returned angle is in the range -pi/2 through pi/2.
static double	atan2(double y, double x)
Returns the angle theta from the conversion of rectangular coordinates (x, y) to polar coordinates (r, theta).
static double	cbrt(double a)
Returns the cube root of a double value.
static double	ceil(double a)
Returns the smallest (closest to negative infinity) double value that is greater than or equal to the argument and is equal to a mathematical integer.
static double	copySign(double magnitude, double sign)
Returns the first floating-point argument with the sign of the second floating-point argument.
static float	copySign(float magnitude, float sign)
Returns the first floating-point argument with the sign of the second floating-point argument.
static double	cos(double a)
Returns the trigonometric cosine of an angle.
static double	cosh(double x)
Returns the hyperbolic cosine of a double value.
static double	exp(double a)
Returns Euler's number e raised to the power of a double value.
static double	expm1(double x)
Returns ex -1.
static double	floor(double a)
Returns the largest (closest to positive infinity) double value that is less than or equal to the argument and is equal to a mathematical integer.
static int	getExponent(double d)
Returns the unbiased exponent used in the representation of a double.
static int	getExponent(float f)
Returns the unbiased exponent used in the representation of a float.
static double	hypot(double x, double y)
Returns sqrt(x2 +y2) without intermediate overflow or underflow.
static double	IEEEremainder(double f1, double f2)
Computes the remainder operation on two arguments as prescribed by the IEEE 754 standard.
static double	log(double a)
Returns the natural logarithm (base e) of a double value.
static double	log10(double a)
Returns the base 10 logarithm of a double value.
static double	log1p(double x)
Returns the natural logarithm of the sum of the argument and 1.
static double	max(double a, double b)
Returns the greater of two double values.
static float	max(float a, float b)
Returns the greater of two float values.
static int	max(int a, int b)
Returns the greater of two int values.
static long	max(long a, long b)
Returns the greater of two long values.
static double	min(double a, double b)
Returns the smaller of two double values.
static float	min(float a, float b)
Returns the smaller of two float values.
static int	min(int a, int b)
Returns the smaller of two int values.
static long	min(long a, long b)
Returns the smaller of two long values.
static double	nextAfter(double start, double direction)
Returns the floating-point number adjacent to the first argument in the direction of the second argument.
static float	nextAfter(float start, double direction)
Returns the floating-point number adjacent to the first argument in the direction of the second argument.
static double	nextUp(double d)
Returns the floating-point value adjacent to d in the direction of positive infinity.
static float	nextUp(float f)
Returns the floating-point value adjacent to f in the direction of positive infinity.
static double	pow(double a, double b)
Returns the value of the first argument raised to the power of the second argument.
static double	random()
Returns a double value with a positive sign, greater than or equal to 0.0 and less than 1.0.
static double	rint(double a)
Returns the double value that is closest in value to the argument and is equal to a mathematical integer.
static long	round(double a)
Returns the closest long to the argument, with ties rounding up.
static int	round(float a)
Returns the closest int to the argument, with ties rounding up.
static double	scalb(double d, int scaleFactor)
Return d × 2scaleFactor rounded as if performed by a single correctly rounded floating-point multiply to a member of the double value set.
static float	scalb(float f, int scaleFactor)
Return f × 2scaleFactor rounded as if performed by a single correctly rounded floating-point multiply to a member of the float value set.
static double	signum(double d)
Returns the signum function of the argument; zero if the argument is zero, 1.0 if the argument is greater than zero, -1.0 if the argument is less than zero.
static float	signum(float f)
Returns the signum function of the argument; zero if the argument is zero, 1.0f if the argument is greater than zero, -1.0f if the argument is less than zero.
static double	sin(double a)
Returns the trigonometric sine of an angle.
static double	sinh(double x)
Returns the hyperbolic sine of a double value.
static double	sqrt(double a)
Returns the correctly rounded positive square root of a double value.
static double	tan(double a)
Returns the trigonometric tangent of an angle.
static double	tanh(double x)
Returns the hyperbolic tangent of a double value.
static double	toDegrees(double angrad)
Converts an angle measured in radians to an approximately equivalent angle measured in degrees.
static double	toRadians(double angdeg)
Converts an angle measured in degrees to an approximately equivalent angle measured in radians.
static double	ulp(double d)
Returns the size of an ulp of the argument.
static float	ulp(float f)
